Implementation of the 5G AMF N2 interface (#73)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/fiveg_n2/v0/README.md

# `fiveg_n2`

## Usage

> Within 5G, The Access and Mobility Management Function (AMF) is responsible for managing access and mobility for 5G devices.

Reviewer: Here you introduce the AMF and then you talk about N2 but never connect the dots.

Author: I added the explanation we have in the spec.
I was avoiding it just not to be very specific naming 5G components, but N2 seems to be pretty specific anyway.
Let me know if it looks better now.

> Within 5G, The Access and Mobility Management Function (AMF) is responsible for managing access and mobility for 5G devices. The 5G radio (gNodeB) communicates with the core’s control plane, specifically the AMF, using the N2 interface and the Next Generation Application Protocol NGAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within 5G, The Access and Mobility Management Function (AMF) is responsible for managing access and mobility for 5G devices. The 5G radio (gNodeB) communicates with the core’s control plane, specifically the AMF, using the N2 interface and the Next Generation Application Protocol (NGAP).
```

This relation interface describes the expected behavior of any charm claiming to be able to provide or consume information on connectivity to the N2 control plane.

## Direction

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    Provider -- hostname, port --> Requirer
```

As with all Juju relations, the `fiveg_n2` interface consists of two parties: a Provider and a Requirer.

## Behavior

Both the Requirer and the Provider need to adhere to criteria to be considered compatible with the interface.

### Provider

> - Is expected to provide the hostname of the AMF and the NGAPP port to connect to the N2 interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is expected to provide the hostname and port of the AMF's N2 interface.
```
